# Computer-Technician-Tracker-Lite
 
Credits to w3schools.com/ for thier CSS file. - https://www.w3schools.com/w3css/w3css_downloads.asp

Successfully deployable in local host environment with XAMPP and phpMyAdmin.
Also successfully deployable on Raspberry Pi with Apache Server, PHP and MariaDB. 

Developed with Visual Studio Code, XAMPP and Edge (Chromium version). 

## Computer Technician Tracker vs Computer Technician Tracker Lite
The Lite version focuses on providing a space to efficentely and effectively record down maintenance records for computers while the original built upon this and also provided basic functionalility to record computer particulars like serial number, make, model and Windows key. 

Technically, the Lite version drops the table count of the database from 2 to 1. 

## Features
 
### 1. Index
Simple landing page with links to other pages plus disclaimers. 

### 2. New log
Enter hostname, issue(s) and remark(s) to be added into `log` table.

### 3. New log - Backup
Enter hostname and check off work done, enter remarks and or enter Windows key to be added into `log` table.  

### 4. New log - Restore 
Enter hostname and check off work done, enter remarks and or enter Windows key to be added into `log` table.

## New log - Backup vs New log - Restore
The reason for the existence of 2 different new log is because of adoption of the concept of disk imaging. You do all steps on 1 computer, image the disk and restore the image on another laptop allowing the skipping of many steps on the other laptop.  

## Limitations

* For editing information and for viewing multiple rows of information from database at one time, database will need to be directly manipulated. 
* Refreshing page will resubmit the form. 

## My work is different. How can I edit the work list? 
There is unfortunatenly no front end interface to manipulate the work list. You will have to open `new-log-backup.php` and or `new-log-restore.php` file. Each work comprises of 2 lines of code. Example:
```
<input type="checkbox" name="work[]" value="Ubuntu Hostname set. ">
<label for="work[]">Ubuntu Hostname set. </label><br>
```
In this case, `Ubuntu Hostname set` is the work. You can use the template below to add your own work:
```
<input type="checkbox" name="work[]" value="INSERT_WORK_HERE ">
<label for="work[]">INSERT_WORK_HERE </label><br>
```
Replace `INSERT_WORK_HERE` with your own work. Do leave a space after the work for best results in database. 


## Database
The database this application links to comprises of 2 tables.

Create table SQL commands generated by `SHOW CREATE TABLE` command. 

### Log Table:
-coming soon-

## Background
This application was developed after failure to find a suitable application that can allow for the work done progress on computers to be documented digitally easily. This application allows technicians to be able to work on multiple computer concurrently and not forget what they have and have not done. Website is smartphone friendly.  

